Add guide for use with QwikCity projects (#667)
DecliningLotus/fontsource: website/docs/guides/qwik.mdx

Reviewer: Also make sure to add an entry to the [docsList.json](https://github.com/fontsource/fontsource/blob/main/website/src/configs/docsList.json) file, alphabetically sorted. Something like the following:

```json
  {
    "key": "qwik",
    "title": "Qwik",
    "path": "/docs/guides/qwik"
  },
```

Author: I'll hold off on updates to this PR until #597 is merged. The beta site looks great!

FWIW, I just started playing with Qwik the last few weeks and it's really impressive that it can solve the problems it's trying too. Still very early, but there's lots of promise there. 

Thank you all for making such an incredibly helpful tool in Fontsource! I hope to be able to make small contributions to say thanks.

> ---
> title: Qwik
> ---
> 
> # Qwik
> 
> To use Fontsource with a [QwikCity](https://qwik.builder.io) project, it is suggested to use the `/routes/layout.tsx` file.
> 
> <CarbonAd />
> 
> ## Installation
> 
> ---
> 
> In the `routes/layout.tsx` file, simply import those weights you need (or if variable, you can import the variable).
> 
> ```tsx
> import "@fontsource/abeezee/400.css";
> import "@fontsource/abeezee/400-italic.css";
> import "@fontsource/advent-pro"; // variable
> 
> export default component$(() => {
>   return (
>     <>
>       <Header />
>       <main>
>         <Slot />
>       </main>
>       <Footer />
>     </>
>   );
> });
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
title: Qwik
contents: Frameworks
---

## Qwik

---

To use Fontsource with a [QwikCity](https://qwik.builder.io) project, it is suggested to use the `/routes/layout.tsx` file.

### Import

Once you install the Fontsource package of your choice, you can import the chosen font variant into `routes/layout.tsx`:

```tsx
import "@fontsource-variable/open-sans/wght.css";

export default component$(() => {
  return (
    <>
      <Header />
      <main>
        <Slot />
      </main>
      <Footer />
    </>
  );
});
```
```

---
title: Qwik
---

# Qwik

To use Fontsource with a [QwikCity](https://qwik.builder.io) project, it is suggested to use the `/routes/layout.tsx` file.

<CarbonAd />

## Installation

---

> To start, install the fonts you want using your package manager of choice.
> 
> ```
> npm install @fontsource/abeezee
> yarn add @fontsource/abeezee
> pnpm install @fontsource/abeezee
> ```
> 
> Then in the `routes/layout.tsx` file, simply import those weights you need (or if variable, you can import the variable).

Reviewer: Package installation is not needed here as that's already covered in "Getting Started".

```suggestion
In the `routes/layout.tsx` file, simply import those weights you need (or if variable, you can import the variable).
```
